Dear David, 
Here's your morning briefing.

In politics:
 A Pentagon spokesman said the documents appeared to be legitimate, but copies seemed to have been altered in certain parts from their original format.A federal judge in Texas has invalidated the F.D.A.'s approval of an abortion pill, mifepristone, which has the potential to upend the nation's abortion landscape. Fox News will host the first Republican presidential primary debate in August, and former President Donald J. Trump said he would "never drop out" of the presidential race if criminally convicted. A major survey of abortion providers found that legal abortions fell by 6 percent in the six months after Dobbs. Chicago was chosen to host the 2024 Democratic convention, and Senator Tim Scott has announced a presidential exploratory committee for 2024. Pressure is mounting to end the Senate practice of allowing senators to effectively veto nominees from their states, and President Biden is visiting Northern Ireland to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement. The International Monetary Fund has warned of a painful slowdown, and Republicans are struggling to find a way forward on abortion, guns, and gay rights.

In science:
Juul has reached a $462 million settlement with New York, California and other states to end major litigation over claims of marketing e-cigarettes to adolescents. The settlement resolves thousands of lawsuits and amounts to billions of dollars in payouts to states, cities and people. The company was accused of marketing practices that wooed minors into vaping and becoming addicted to nicotine. The Biden administration is proposing rules to ensure that two-thirds of new cars and a quarter of new heavy trucks sold in the U.S. by 2032 are all-electric. The White House has also designated an animal sedative as an ‘emerging drug threat’ due to its potential to cause horrific wounds and increase the likelihood of overdose when mixed with fentanyl. A federal judge in Texas invalidated the F.D.A.’s approval of an abortion pill, mifepristone, which has the potential to upend the nation’s abortion landscape. The ruling was filled with activists’ language and was condemned by drug company leaders. The Biden administration is also proposing to evenly cut water allotments from the Colorado River as the river shrinks. Additionally, more girls are being diagnosed with autism, and the World Bank is getting a new chief who may pivot towards climate action. Finally, at least three California condors have died from bird flu in Arizona, and two federal judges issued opposing rulings on abortion pills.

In business:
As U.S. tries to isolate China, German companies are moving closer. Volkswagen has more than 40 plants in China and is expanding, reluctant to leave a huge market they need to finance operations back home. Gourmet dog food has pet owners sending kibbles back, as dog ownership surged during the pandemic and so did the options for fresh, human-grade dog food. A Delaware judge has limited Fox's options for defense in a Dominion trial, and Florida's governor Ron DeSantis is taking aim at the Federal Reserve. An online meme group is at the center of an uproar over leaked military secrets, and California's economy is on edge after tech layoffs and studio cutbacks. Mental health crisis is growing, and more doors are opening to care, while the 24-hour workday, passenger flight diversions, and Elon Musk's Twitter ownership are also in the news.
That's all for today. Until tomorrow,
AutoBrief